Please read HOWTO for information on writing patterns.

The below is taken from the list of protocols supported by the
Packeteer, a commercial packet shaper.  See page 197 of
http://www.packeteer.com/support/home/DSP/docs/archive/41manuals/refGuide/41.refguide.pdf

If you can contribute knowledge to this list, please post to
l7-filter-developers@lists.sf.net Subscribe at
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/l7-filter-developers
 
want 	= Don't have a pattern for this (and want one)
? 	= We don't know well enough how this works to know what we should do
done?   = We're not sure if our current patterns covers this

?	ActiveX		Microsoft's object-oriented program technologies and tools
want	AFP		AppleTalk Filing Protocol (AppleShare IP)
want	Baan 		Baan enterprise management system
want	BackWeb(Polite)	Push technology Polite BackWeb has an agent on the client to prevent BackWeb background traffic from interfering with other IP network applications
?	CBT		Core-based Trees (Multicast Routing Protocol)
want	ccMail		cc:Mail email application
?	CiscoDiscovery	Cisco Router Discovery Protocol
want	Citrix		Connectivity application that enables any type of client to access applications	across any type of network connection.
?	Clarent-CC	Clarent Voice over IP Command Center
?	Clarent-Complex	Clarent complex traffic
?	Clarent-Mgmt	Clarent management traffic
?	Clarent-Voice-S	Clarent voice traffic (simple)
want	CORBA		CORBA Internet Inter-ORB Protocol (IIOP)
?	CRS		Microsoft Content Replication Service and Distributed Password Authentication (Membership Broker)
?	CU-Dev		Fujitsu Device Control (CU-DEV on TCP/IP)
want	CUSeeMe		Internet telephone application service group
want	DCOM		Microsoft Distributed Component Object Model
?	DECnet		Digital Equipment Corporation's network protocol
want	DLS		SNA and FNA over TCP transport--Service group classification of Data Link Switch traffic, both read and write port numbers
want	Doom		Doom, the game
want	DPA		Microsoft's Distributed Password Authentication
?	DRP		DECnet Routing Protocol
?	EGP		Network Routing Information (Exterior Gateway Protocol)
?	EIGRP		Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol
want	FileMaker Pro	Database Application
want	FIX		Financial Information eXchange
?	FNA		Fujitsu Network Architecture (a variant of SNA)
?	FNAonTCP	Transport Independent Convergence - FNA
want	Groupwise	Novell Groupwise messaging system
want	I-Phone		Phone service via the Internet
?	ISAKMP		ISAKMP/IKE key exchange
want	Kali		Gaming Protocol
want	Kerberos	Network Authentication Service (ticket granting and checking)
want	LDAP		Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
?	Lockd		Lock Daemon
want	LotusNotes	Groupware for collaborative communication
want	Marimba		Marimba's Castanet push technology
want	Micom-VIP	Micom Voice over IP (V/IP)
?	MSSQ		Microsoft Message Queue Traffic
want	MS-SQL		Service group for both Microsoft SQL Mon and Server traffic
?	NetBEUI		Service group for NetBEUI--Network protocol for PCs
want	NFS		Network File System (both TCP and UDP)
want	NTP		Network Time Protocol
?	OpenConnect-JCP Browser-based access to host applications
want	Oracle		Database application
want	OSI		OSI over TCP (RFC2126), e.g., Microsoft Exchange X.400
?	OSPF		Network Routing Information (Open Shortest-Path First)
want	pcAnywhere	Remote management collaboration tool
?	PIM		Protocol-Independent Multicast Routing Protocol
want	PointCast	Push technology application
want	Printer		UNIX line printer spooler (LPR)
want	RADIUS		Service group for Remote Authentication Dial-in Service
?	RC5DES		DES (data encryption standard) encryption-cracking application
want	RealAudio	Service group for RealAudio streaming audio/video application--both TCP	and UDP
want	REXEC		UNIX remote execution protocol
want	RIP		Routing Information Protocol (UDP)
?	RTCP-B		Real-time control protocol
?	RTP-B		Real-time protocol
want?	rwho		Reports current users for all hosts on the local network
want	SLP		Service Location Protocol
want	SMS		Microsoft SMS (Systems Management Server) Help Desk
want	SNA		IBM's Systems Network Architecture protocol
?	ST2		Internet Stream Protocol, version 2
?	StreamWorks	StreamWorks Audio and Video
want	SunRPC		Sun's Remote Procedure Calls (UDP)
want	Syslog		UNIX System Logging
?	T.120		Collaboration application
?	TACACS		Login host protocol
want	Timbuktu	Timbuktu Pro service group; networked remote control application
?	TN3287		IBM 3270 print traffic (TN3287 extensions)
want	UUCP		Unix-to-Unix Copy Protocol
want	VDOPhone	Service group for Internet telephone application (not auto-discovered)
want	Whois		Application that identifies the owner of a domain name
want	WindowsMedia	Microsoft Windows Media Player Streaming
want	WINS		Windows Internet Name Service
want	XWindows-DM	XWindows Display Manager (XDMCP)


And here are some additional patterns that we'd like to have:

Gadu-gadu - a popular Polish instant messenger protocol (so I'm told)
Zephyr - an instant messanger
